[Logging]
log_showDbg = true
log_showError = True
log_showWarning = True
log_showTime = True
log_showTerminal = True

[Plotting]
plot_background = #ffffff
plot_backgroundTransparent = false
plot_CanvasBackground = #ffffff
plot_fontSize = 9
plot_topOfPlot = 0.89
plot_leftOfPlot = 0.12
plot_rightOfPlot = 0.975
plot_bottomOfPlot = 0.1

[Phaseplane]
pp_xmin = -10.
pp_xmax = 10.
pp_ymin = -10.
pp_ymax = 10.
pp_showXTicks = True
pp_showYTicks = True
pp_showMinorTicks = True
pp_showSpines = True
pp_showGrid = true
pp_showTitle = True
pp_showXLabel = true
pp_showYLabel = true
pp_labelFontSize = 12

[x-t-plot]
x_tmin = 0.
x_tmax = 10.
x_xmin = -10.
x_xmax = 10.
x_showXTicks = True
x_showYTicks = True
x_showMinorTicks = True
x_showSpines = True
x_showGrid = True
x_showTitle = True
x_showXLabel = true
x_showYLabel = true
x_labelFontSize = 12

[y-t-plot]
y_tmin = 0.
y_tmax = 10.
y_ymin = -10.
y_ymax = 10.
y_showXTicks = True
y_showYTicks = True
y_showMinorTicks = True
y_showSpines = True
y_showGrid = True
y_showTitle = True
y_showXLabel = true
y_showYLabel = true
y_labelFontSize = 12

[3d-plot]
3d_tmin = 0.
3d_tmax = 10.
3d_xmin = -10
3d_xmax = 10.
3d_ymin = -10.
3d_ymax = 10.
3d_showTTicks = True
3d_showXTicks = True
3d_showYTicks = True
3d_showMinorTicks = True
3d_showSpines = true
3d_showGrid = false
3d_showTitle = True
3d_showTLabel = true
3d_showXLabel = true
3d_showYLabel = true
3d_labelFontSize = 12
3d_showXProjection = False
3d_showYProjection = False
3d_showYXProjection = True

[System]
sys_max_norm = 100000.0

[Vectorfield]
vf_onByDefault = True
vf_color = #b3b3b3
vf_gridPointsInX = 50
vf_gridPointsInY = 25
vf_arrowHeadWidth = 4.5
vf_arrowHeadLength = 3.5
vf_arrowWidth = 0.001
vf_arrowPivot = middle

[Streamlines]
stream_onByDefault = False
stream_color = #0000ff
stream_density = 2
stream_linewidth = .5
stream_gridPointsInX = 50
stream_gridPointsInY = 50

[Nullclines]
nc_onByDefault = False
nc_color_xdot = #ff00ff
nc_color_ydot = #ff6600
nc_linewidth = 1.
nc_gridPointsInX = 500
nc_gridPointsInY = 500

[Trajectories]
traj_ppForwardColor = #00ff00
traj_ppBackwardColor = #00ffff
traj_x_tColor = #0000ff
traj_y_tColor = #0000ff
traj_plotInitPoint = True
traj_initPointColor = #ff0000
traj_checkForwardByDefault = True
traj_checkBackwardByDefault = True
traj_integrationtime = 10.
traj_integrationstep = 0.0005

[Linearization]
lin_round_decimals = 3
lin_show_eigenvector = True
lin_show_eigenline = True
lin_eigenvector_color = #000000
lin_eigenvector_linecolor = #7dffce

[Functions]
fct_gridPointsInX = 500
fct_gridPointsInY = 500
fct_linewidth = 1
fct_color = #008000

[Export]
pdf_exportInSeparateFiles = False

[Test]
test_var = working

